Issue States:

  PIT organizes issues around their state, which is one of:

    current     - issues actively being worked
    todo-today  - issues planned for today
    pending     - issues that are blocked by some third-party
    done        - issues that have been completely resolved
    todo        - issues that need to be done in the future
    dormant     - issues that are low-priority, to be tracked, but hidden
                  by default

Issue Properties:

  PIT supports adding arbitrary properties to any issue to track any metadata
  about the issue the user may wish. There are several properties that have
  special behavior attached to them. They are:

    created

      If present, expected to be an ISO 8601-formatted date that represents the
      time when the issue was created.

    completed

      If present, expected to be an ISO 8601-formatted date that represents the
      time when the issue moved to the "done" state.  PIT will add this
      property automatically when you use the "done" command, and can filter on
      this value.

    context

      Allows issues to be organized into contexts. The -c option is short-hand
      for '-p context:<context-name>' and the 'list contexts' command will show
      all values of 'context' set in existing issues.

    delegated-to

      When an issue now belongs to someone else, but needs to be monitored for
      completion, this allows you to keep the issue in its current state but
      note how it has been delegated. When present PIT will prepend this value
      to the issue summary with an accent color.

    hide-until

      When present, expected to be an ISO 8601-formatted date and used to
      supress the display of the issue until on or after the given date.

    pending

      When an issue is blocked by a third party, this property can be used to
      capture details about the dependency When present PIT will display this
      value after the issue summary.

    recurrence

      When an issue is moved to the "done" state, if the issue has a valid
      "recurrence" property, PIT will create a new issue and set the
      "hide-until" property for that new issue depending on the recurrence
      definition.

      A valid recurrence value has a time value and optionally has an source
      issue ID. For example:

        every 5 days, 10a544

      The first word, "every", is expected to be either "every" or "after".

      The second portion is expected to be a time period. Supported time units
      are "hour", "day", "week", "month", an "year", along with the plural
      forms (e.g. "5 days", "8 hours", etc.).

      The final portion is the source issue ID. This is optional. When a source
      issue ID is given, the new issue is created as a clone of the given
      issue. When not given, the issue being closed is used for cloning.

      The "every" and "after" keywords allow the user to choose whether the new
      issue is created based on the creation time ("every") or the completion
      time ("after") of the issue being closed based.

      Examples:

        every day
        every 2 days
        after 2 days
        every week
        after 12 hours
        every 2 weeks, 10a544

    tags

      If present, expected to be a comma-delimited list of text tags. The -g
      option is a short-hand for '-p tags:<tags-value>'.
